Now we're going to teach you how to dance.
shallon music 180graus
now it will be the first part is to live
always against the opposite with no address
to lay down the heart is to see everything outside the
place
Whole life
tired enough to live like this
I know God has the best for me, I know.
I can trust him and a turn he will.
hold now will be the refrain
Okay, I just want this love and nothing else with
she I live a turn of 180 degrees
I do not want to forget that
that made me relive take my life away from
floor
I'm in your hands
Okay, it's going to be the fast and the same song.
the music ok
love guys welcome apple now
want
in full
i
and that route
I just want
my
ae
there was interest
like this
I do not always feel
the number is less
do not
look apple and this is the beginning
ae
martins
I want this love and magic
seen her look close to and not
i
beauty is jc assumption of maria 2013